README.md, before:

# ProMap-Renderer

Tool to visualise Prodeus levels in 2D.

This is currently very wip, it's able to render a top down view of a Prodeus level by drawing each triangle with it's assigned colour but currently it draws every face regardless of orientation and displays the level flipped vertically. There is also no logic around correctly positioning the level, there's a `centralOffset` value in `renderMap.ts` that needs tweaking on a per level basis to get all of the level in the image.

Rough road map for improvemnts:

- Center levels in the image editor and scale image around them
- Don't render Faces that point up
- Don't vertically flip level
- Look at making tool a bit easier to use

## Install Dependencies

Install node.

Then run:

`npm install`

## Run

ProMap takes an argument of the mapId you want to generate an image for. That map needs to exists in the LocalLow/BoundingBoxSoftware/Prodeus/CloudMaps maps folder (thats where it should be if you've downloaded it in game).

`npm run-script start MAP_ID`

If for example you had downloaded Altitude (which has the map Id hPkZH3dKig) and wanted to render it's layout you'd run:

`npm run-script start hPkZH3dKig`

The image will be rendered to an output folder in the root of this project. The above command would create `./output/Altitude.png`.

Commit message:

Fixes level being flipped on y axis

README.md, after:

# ProMap-Renderer

Tool to visualise Prodeus levels in 2D.

This is currently very wip, it's able to render a top down view of a Prodeus level by drawing each triangle with it's assigned colour. There is currently no logic around correctly positioning the level, there's a `centralOffset` value in `renderMap.ts` that needs tweaking on a per level basis to get all of the level in the image.

## Rough road map for improvemnts:

- Center levels in the image editor and scale image around them
- Look at making tool a bit more customisable with options to:
  - Show areas not on automap
  - change background colour
  - change resolution
  - add map and author titles
  - add grid overlay
  - show nodes and node links
- Look at giving the tool a gui: show which levels are available and give render options an interface

## Install Dependencies

Install node.

Then run:

`npm install`

## Run

ProMap takes an argument of the mapId you want to generate an image for. That map needs to exists in the LocalLow/BoundingBoxSoftware/Prodeus/CloudMaps maps folder (thats where it should be if you've downloaded it in game).

`npm run-script start MAP_ID`

If for example you had downloaded Altitude (which has the map Id hPkZH3dKig) and wanted to render it's layout you'd run:

`npm run-script start hPkZH3dKig`

The image will be rendered to an output folder in the root of this project. The above command would create `./output/Altitude.png`.
